	1) Can this subtitle at top be updated and made more prominent so users don’t miss it (without increasing height of the section):
		○ Sponsor spiritual content into conflict zones through Meta Ads. Click a country to begin -> Promote spiritual content through Meta Ads in conflict zones or region of you choice. Click a country to begin.
		
	2) Add a foot note at bottom of the heal section.
Note: Every contribution is split 80/20. 80% fuels the direct delivery of messages to high-need regions. 20% sustains The Nirvanist’s digital infrastructure, content creation, and global growth.

	1) Quote Update from "If you light a lamp for someone, it will also brighten your own path." to -> "If you light a lamp for someone, it will also brighten your path."

	1) Sponsor form Section:
		a.  Update Sponsor a Moment of Peace to -> Gift A Moment Of Solace
		b. Update subtitle for spiritual quotes box to -> Curated quotes from our 'Insights' library
		c. Update subtitle for spiritual quotes box to -> An article or teaching from our 'Insights' library
		d. In step 3 of the card 'How long should the campaign run?' can you add a note at the bottom (For maximum effectiveness we recommend a minimum of $5 a day). The default should be 1 month tab
		e. In step 3 of the card 'What is your budget? Can you update tabs to $15, $35, $150, $450, Custom
		
	2) We need to create tables in Supabase and then connect to them for testimonials and Donnor list. You may give me the exact SQL query hear and I will run it in Supabase. For both tables, when changes are made (e.g values are changes, columns added etc), it must immediately reflect on the table on the website.
		a. Testimonials: Testimonial cards on the 'heal' page must draw and publish the top 15 testimonials from here. Table name Testimonial_Sacred Journeys
			i. Column 1: Testimonial
			ii. Column 2: Client name
			iii. Column 3: Country
		b. Donor hall of grace: Table on website must draw and publish the top 10 Donor. Table Name Donor_Heal The World
			i. Column 1: Rank
			ii. Column 2: Donor Name
			iii. Column 3:  Total Contributed
Column 4: Souls reached